#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand\[{\begin{equation}}
\renewcommand\]{\end{equation}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes true
\output_changes true
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Reviewer #2 on Review of: 
\emph on
CVNetica--A cross-validation package driving Netica with Python
\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Mike Fienen and Nathaniel Plant
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We appreciate the positive review from Reviewer #2 and appreciate the constructi
ve suggestions for improving the manuscript.
 In the following document, we have repeated all major comments in 
\emph on
italics 
\emph default
and responded to them in normal type.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Specific Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Page 4, figure 1.
 The edges in this diagram are difficult to trace because many flow behind
 the actual notes.
 I suspect it will be even harder to see in the final publication.
 I suggest using the GUI in Netica to redraw all the agents in a less confusing
 way that shows that each of the output nodes is connected to all of the
 input nodes plus "Recharge." I would also note that this network is unusual
 in that all the output nodes are directly connected to the inputs, with
 a single intermediate node.
 As such, there is very little explanatory value in this network.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We did not see any way to make the connections clearer graphically, but
 instead indicated in the text the nature of these connections.
 We disagree that there is little explanatory value -- the various configuration
s of the inputs are exactly what has explanatory power.
 It may be unusual that all inputs are connected to all outputs in this
 network, but that is a reflection of the physics of the problem and the
 underlying process model.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Page 4, lines 67 to 70.
 My personal opinion is that imperfections in forecasts involve more than
 simply epistemic uncertainty.
 Real-life stochastic events in nature also play a role.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In lines 70-72 (of the original version) we indicated that epistemic uncertainty
 includes 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

model imperfection, data errors, data paucity, and other sources
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

.
 The stochastic events, presumably, are considered in the variability of
 the observation values themselves.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Page 5, lines 76 to 79.
 Although it's true that it is common to create bins of equal probability,
 naïvely doing so can create a raft of potential problems.
 I would argue based on personal experience that careful consideration of
 the number of bins and their boundaries is one of the more important aspects
 of creating a useful belief network.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is a good point.
 We have added language in that part of the manuscript to indicate the importanc
e of bin boundaries.
 This, in fact, is part of the CVNetica code in part motivated by cases
 in which specific bin boundaries were found to be important based on the
 underlying problem.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Page 6, line 109-110.
 I disagree that edge arrows served no purpose, regardless of connectedness.
 They may not be essential in calculation of conditional probabilities,
 but their explanatory value should not be dismissed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We assume that by 
\begin_inset Quotes eld
\end_inset

explanatory value
\begin_inset Quotes erd
\end_inset

 the reviewer means qualitative value when one looks at the BN graphically.
 Based on that assumption, we added language pointing out the conceptual
 value of arrows when visually interpreting a BN.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Pages 7-8, description of model skill (sk).
 Using skill as a measure of performance seems appropriate if the variables
 of interest are continuous and a single predicted value is the motivation
 of the network.
 I can imagine lots of circumstances, however, were the output of interest
 is the entire probability distribution of the output nodes.
 It seems that one would be more interested in some measure of goodness
 of fit rather than how close the expected or most likely value agreed with
 observations.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
There are other metrics including log loss, quadratic loss, error rate,
 Likelihood ratio, and others that consider the whole distribution.
 For brevity, we focused on skill in this work, but we have added a short
 section describing how we chose the metrics we used and we indicate these
 as options in.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I also wonder if the statement that skill is restricted to the range 0 to
 1 is strictly true for Bayesian networks that use discrete approximations
 for continuous variables.
 I think it's possible for the mean squared error between observation and
 predictions to exceed the total variance of the observations because the
 actual sample mean is not used within the belief network.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have updated the skill description to explain how we use the skill assessment
 with any choice of expected value from the BN prediction (see comment below
 on mean vs most likely values).
 And, we clarify that the prediction error is based on linear regression
 such that, by definition, the skill will be between 0,1.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I also wonder how sk can approach unity unless every unique value observed
 in the data is assigned to its own bin.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
That's precisely how it could happen --- we now explicitly make that point.
 Note also that, since the expected value is a weighted sum of our bin values,
 it is quite possible to exactly represent any continuous value spanned
 by the bin values.
 This would, of course, imply a great deal of overfitting since this outcome
 would require fitting both signal and noise and is not a desirable outcome.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Regarding the discussion of expected value in lines 152 and 153, which is
 used in the examples that follow? Choosing most likely or mean value will
 obviously affect the calculation of skill.
 I suspect most likely was used, but then wonder how most likely was chosen
 when all the bins are equally probable-- as occurs when no comparable combinati
on of parent node values was observed in the training set.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We used mean in this work but that is a choice to be made by the user, both
 are reported.
 For the purposes of CVNetica---in which decisions on BN complexity are
 being driven BN 
\emph on
relative
\emph default
 skill among BN structural choices, the decision of whether to use ML or
 mean is largely arbitrary.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I found the discussion of evaluating complexity by simply varying the number
 of bins and subsequent examples of this approach to be rather uninformative.
 It works okay as a means to simply demonstrate software, but I wouldn't
 recommend that approach to anyone who seriously wants to evaluate their
 belief nets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We strongly disagree.
 As we discuss in more detail below, for the kinds of networks we are often
 working with, the nodes and edges are based on the underlying physical
 process, so the only degree of freedom in BN design is the number of bins
 per node.
 That said, the metrics discussed in this paper and calculated using CVNetica
 can be applied to any range of BN structural designs.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Again based on my experience, most real-world dilemmas involve which nodes
 are included in the network and the connections among them.
 The general rule for the number of bins is to use as few as possible that
 can adequately describe the phenomenon of interest.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Exactly --- but we are trying to provide a quantitative basis for making
 that choice.
 Perhaps the MOST IMPORTANT contribution that cvNetica can make is to allow
 researchers to make their best guess at the appropriate number and distribution
 of bins and then allow them to objectively demonstrate that their choice
 is either optimal or at least not too sensitive to some simple alternatives.
 This first step reveals a great deal of insight into the BN design, the
 data used to train the BN, and the role that the BN could play in either
 analysis or prediction.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
As the authors point out on page 6, the size of the conditional probability
 table increases exponentially as a function of the number of parents for
 each node.
 Thus, the number of observations that are required to adequately train
 the belief net has to also increase exponentially as the number of connections
 increases.
 The two examples given here have five and six parent nodes for the two
 output nodes demonstrated.
 It's not surprising that the predictive skill of the example networks decreases
 dramatically as the number of bins increase.
 I would be more interested in seeing how the predictive skill changes as
 the number of connections between inputs and outputs change.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is an interesting discussion.
 Of course, the nature of the structure (which nodes to include, how they
 are connected with edges) of a BN is also key to the predictive power.
 In the cases here---both data-driven in the waves example and model-emulation
 in the groundwater example---the relevance of each node and their connections
 through edges is well established based on the underlying process.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Does one really need each output node to be connected to every single input
 node? Which nodes are essential to predictive success and which are not?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Presumably the reviewer is now referring to the groundwater example.
 In this case, the various combination of each of the inputs do, indeed,
 influence the outputs.
 Model emulation in this way can behave a bit differently than other more
 data-driven applications.
 So, removing edges or nodes in this example would not be defensible.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The description of the code in sections 3 and 4 is quite good and easy to
 follow.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Excellent! We are pleased that the code description was clear.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
The examples in section 5 are relatively easy to follow, but could be improved
 with a couple of minor edits.
 Specifically:
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Figure 3.
 Two nodes are labeled, "wave height." I presume one is inshore and one is
 offshore, so they should be labeled as such.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is a good point.
 The figure has been revised accordingly.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
It would be useful to know how many observations were used in the training
 sets.
 Sample size is key element of performance that is not discussed in these
 examples.
 It also would be useful to know how many combinations of parent node states
 were not observed within the training or validation samples.
 One can only guess that as the number of bins increase, the proportion
 of non-informed cells in the conditional probability matrix increases exponenti
ally.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We included the number of observations used in each example now.
 We agree that understanding the combinations of parent state nodes that
 are not observed is interesting and we will retain that for future analysis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Figures 4 and 5.
 It's not apparent that there's any variation about the calibration line.
 Given that calibration skill was calculated for each fold, some variation
 is expected across folds.
 Is that variation too small to be apparent or is it simply not plotted?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As discussed in the legend for each of figures 4 and 5, two times the standard
 deviation was used to provide an approximation of a 95% credible interval
 about both calibration and validation.
 In the calibration cases, indeed, the variation is much smaller than for
 validation, so it just does not show up in the plots.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Page 20, lines 396-398.
 The final conclusion in this section seems at odds with the earlier suggestion
 that the direction of the edges is immaterial.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The direction of causality is, of course, very important.
 But....the use of directional arrows when constructing the BN does not have
 an impact on the actual results.
 In other words, the arrows could be arbitrarily oriented in this BN and
 it would have no bearing on the calibration or results.
 As a result, rather than discussing this here, we hope that the discussion
 added above regarding the value of the arrows in visual interpretation
 of the BN will also be sufficient in addressing this comment.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
In conclusion, I found the paper to be quite interesting and it prompted
 me to think seriously about the issue of cross validation of belief nets.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We are glad that our main goal -- to prompt consideration of cross validation
 in Bayesian networks -- was achieved.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
