#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand\[{\begin{equation}}
\renewcommand\]{\end{equation}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Editor-in-Chief on Review of: 
\emph on
CVNetica--A cross-validation package driving Netica with Python 
\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Mike Fienen and Nathaniel Plant
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Thank you for providing the reviews from the two anonymous peer reviews
 for our manuscript submitted to Environmental Modelling and Software.
 We agree that many of the comments made are valuable and offer improvement
 to the manuscript.
 We have attached two documents addressing the reviewers' suggestions point
 by point.
 Additionally, your specific comments are repeated below in 
\emph on
italics
\emph default
, followed by our responses in plain type.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
General Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I have now received reviews of the above paper.
 They lead me to recommend that major revision and additional review is
 necessary.
 I think there are some good suggestions in there to help make it a very
 good paper.
 I would prefer it if you just deleted the name of the software from the
 title - this is journal policy and will get you more downloads.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We are happy to comply with this journal policy and have revised the title.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Also could you talk about the need to justify choice of evaluation metrics
 and methods among the ones, for example, classified in the recent EMS Position
 paper of Bennett et al (2013) on performance evaluation.
 Preferably this should be a separate subsection that stands out.
 One of our aims is to strengthen the credibility and relevance of the modelling
 reported and do this whatever the environmental problem sector (as is the
 case with CV).
 That way your paper is even more suited to our journal, which concentrates
 on generic methods, and not just one in your problem sector.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We appreciate the link to the Bennett et al paper and we have restructured
 Section 3 to more clearly indicate how we chose our evaluation metrics.
 This includes a subsection on model evaluation metrics and methods.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
