#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand\[{\begin{equation}}
\renewcommand\]{\end{equation}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Reviewer #1 on Review of: 
\emph on
CVNetica--A cross-validation package driving Netica with Python 
\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Mike Fienen and Nathaniel Plant
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We appreciate the positive review from Reviewer #1 and appreciate the constructi
ve suggestions for improving the manuscript.
 In the following document, we have repeated all major specific comments
 in 
\emph on
italics 
\emph default
and responded to them in normal type.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Specific Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I miss in the manuscript a theoretical paragraph/section commenting the
 influence of the bin size in the posterior probability distributions accuracy
 and how to deal with it and quantified .When it comes to sensibility this
 is one of the main source of variability and uncertainty.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have added a short paragraph in the Introduction section to address this
 issue and tie it to concepts of over/under fitting.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Have the authors proposed any kind of indicator for measuring the right
 numbers and size of bins, under different circumstances? There is a threshold
 in the number of bins for validation (predictive) which is 4 (for both
 studies), after which the Validation (predictive) skill value falls dramaticall
y.
 The most interesting thing here would be trying to extrapolate this analysis
 to a wide range of different statistical situations, different measurement
 from different studies..etc..
 That would make the paper much more valuable.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We agree that a large range of BNs would be worth evaluating.
 We wrote the software to make this kind of evaluation possible and practical
 for users.
 We wanted, in this manuscript, to describe both the CV methodology and
 the approach to developing the code.
 We would love (as you suggest at the end) to collaborate on a larger number
 of cases to broaden the reach of this analysis.
 We did make the effort to use one case that emulates a process model (the
 groundwater example) and another that is driven chiefly by data (the wave
 height example) to get at the variability you describe.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
What if the bins are no equal probability?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Equiprobable bins are not a requirement of CVNetica or our analysis.
 They were used as a convenient tool when external information on bins was
 not available.
 We have clarified that any arrangement of bin boundaries is compatible
 with this analysis.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
Program structure: What do the authors mean when they say different hierarchical
 level of the program? Can you please explain this a bit clearer?
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have added supplementary online material that should clarify what we
 mean by the different levels.
 We also rearranged the text in this section to be clearer.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
There is not 3.1.2 section, so title 3.1.1 should be removed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have renumbered the subsections a bit and no longer have an orphan.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I haven´t gone through the python code part of the manuscript.
 If the EMS journal considers necessary, a code programmer should revise
 that section.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is up to the journal editorial staff.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
There is a mistake in line 322 ("of the")
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This has been fixed.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard

\emph on
I would be very interested in starting a research line (PhD) together with
 the authors for exploring this for many case studies and trying to drawn
 more robust and general conclusions on all of this.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We would be interested in this as well!
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
