#LyX 2.1 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 474
\begin_document
\begin_header
\textclass article
\begin_preamble
\renewcommand\[{\begin{equation}}
\renewcommand\]{\end{equation}}
\end_preamble
\use_default_options true
\begin_modules
theorems-ams
eqs-within-sections
figs-within-sections
\end_modules
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman default
\font_sans default
\font_typewriter default
\font_math auto
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100
\font_tt_scale 100
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\paperfontsize default
\spacing double
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry true
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 0
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 0
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 0
\use_package stmaryrd 0
\use_package undertilde 0
\cite_engine natbib
\cite_engine_type authoryear
\biblio_style plainnat
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\leftmargin 2cm
\topmargin 2cm
\bottommargin 2cm
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\quotes_language english
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Response to Howard Reeves on Review of: 
\emph on
CVNetica--A cross-validation package driving Netica with Python 
\emph default
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Author
Mike Fienen and Nathaniel Plant
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
In the following document, we have repeated all major comments in 
\emph on
italics 
\emph default
and responded to them in normal type.
 In the PDF markup version, all changes were made as suggested, with one
 exception noted below.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
General Comments
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
1.
 
\emph on
I do not understand how Bayesian Networks are calibrated recommend more
 discussion for the reader in section 2 on calibration (or BN learning).
 Once the nodes and edges are selected and fixed, are the correlations between
 nodes (as defined by edges) used to calibrate the BN? Once calibrated,
 the verification skill is computed by putting the verification inputs into
 the BN and comparing the BN estimates for the output to the observed values?
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
This is an excellent point worthy of clarification.
 In our cases, we assume that the structure of the BN (e.g.
 the arrangement of nodes and edges) is known 
\emph on
a priori
\emph default
 as informed by an understanding of the underlying processes being simulated.
 This is not the only way to proceed, however, as learning of the structure
 is also possible.
 We clarify this distinction and the assumptions used in our work in Section
 2.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
2.

\emph on
 For section 3.1, details about program structure: would it be possible to
 have a graphic that illustrates the levels of CVNetica? I am wondering
 if an object-map or similar diagram could be given as an appendix that
 would show the various functions available in pythonNeticalTools and how
 these are combined in the pythonNetica class.
 It also could show how the driver script CV_driver interacts with these
 lower-level classes.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have created a call-chart (like an object map) for the supplemental online
 material.
 This file is somewhat complicated to interpret but hopefully will help
 some readers understand more about the program organization.
 Because of the odd shape of the image file showing the call chart, we propose
 putting two call-charts --- one abbreviated and one more comprehensive
 --- in online material as PDF files.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
3.
 
\emph on
Could the CV_driver.py script and associated XML file be included as an appendix
 for one of the two examples? Maybe the journal as a supplementary information
 section that could be used instead of an appendix.
 In either case, including the script and XML file would more clearly link
 the discussion of the BN, the CVNetica classes, and the example problems.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
We have already included a figure in the main body of the manuscript documenting
 the XML file.
 Nonetheless, in addition to the link to the GitHub site with all the code,
 we have included both CV_driver.py and example.xml in supplementary online
 material for quick access to readers.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
Notes on the PDF Markup
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
As noted above, all editorial suggesting made in the PDF markup were incorporate
d.
 However, around line 277, a suggestion for inserted text was made but we
 could not understand exactly what was being suggested.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
